Update ip-support.md (#1032)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/install/ip-support.md

    
    To create an ipv6-literal.net name for an IPv6 address, convert the colons (:) in the address to dashes (-), then add the result to "ipv6-literal.net". For example, for the IPv6 address 2001:db8:28:3:f98a:5b31:67b7:67ef, the corresponding ipv6-literal.net name is 2001-db8-28-3-f98a-5b31-67b7-67ef.ipv6-literal.net.
    

> - Some SharePoint features or components integrate with cloud services—such as SharePoint Help, SharePoint Translation Service, and SharePoint apps that use the Azure Access Control Service (ACS)—which might not yet be IPv6-capable. Therefore, make sure that your SharePoint servers are IPv4-capable, which includes both IPv4-only and mixed IPv4 and IPv6 environments, until all of the SharePoint-dependent cloud services become IPv6-capable. For more information, see [IPv6 Support in Microsoft Products and Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/ipv6-support) and [Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPv6) Overview](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=507023).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some SharePoint features or components integrate with cloud services - such as SharePoint Help, SharePoint Translation Service, and SharePoint apps that use the Azure Access Control Service (ACS) - which might not yet be IPv6-capable. Therefore, make sure that your SharePoint servers are IPv4-capable, which includes both IPv4-only and mixed IPv4 and IPv6 environments, until all of the SharePoint-dependent cloud services become IPv6-capable. For more information, see [IPv6 Support in Office 365 Services] (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/ipv6-support) and [Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPv6) Overview](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=507023).
```
